lavender and listening 16 years and i do
open water swimming
well i would say so it is around again
very good everyone is together
all clips
like that very much anyway
speed up and it is very much that
a very varied tactical because you
of course
very long distances starts with
them all at once so you need lots
taking things into account and paying attention
that you are a new person who is 10 kilometers away
competitive swimming I am from the minute
to do a trip
before that it makes sense to dress GDP
swimming really
so actually I always have
jumped and open water now does four
year
I always had a very cold and the
Fremme always just not like people after
a week or so but I was really 3 out
six weeks cold
then he knows and how mask fell eleven and she
have they discovered February well then what
I make say but light makes no
antibodies on
therefore I always get sick and I drink
everything with what want air off and there
I then left a trajectory of you and
When I was very happy that people
now they finally knew what the waterfall was
impulse what to be done
so then and now every week I spray myself
regrettable that antibodies go into it
any derivative
and so my body that too
antibodies and have as their greetings
always comes again good
what one am i want you what we don't
my body no longer constantly against the
sick are the best
so thomas that gold medal whole
very rewarding after that ugly one
time say something good out there anyway
came
but gate and so on it
became Dutch champion on it
movie to my home
and then once not Belgium first
become
well with austrian championships
I became second and then I have continued
a few more in the previous season
Dutch more the eggshell pattern
itself true silver pipe
that just suits me very well and
I also really enjoy doing it
and now while for a lot of work
it's not like some people do
really falls from the sky